chore(docker): dockerize the repository (#437)
algolia/algoliasearch-client-ruby: DOCKER_README.MD

In this page you will find our recommended way of installing Docker on your machine. 
This guide is made for OSX users.

## Install docker

> First install docker using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

Reviewer: `docker` => `Docker`

```
$ brew install docker
```

You can then install [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) if you wish, or use `docker-machine`. As we prefer the second option, we will only document this one.

## Setup your docker

Install `docker-machine`
```
$ brew install docker-machine
```

Then install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) with [Homebrew Cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask) to get a driver for your Docker machine
```
$ brew cask install virtualbox
```

You may need to enter your password and authorize the application in your `System Settings` > `Security & Privacy`.

> Create now a new machine, set it up a default and connect your shell to it (here we use zsh. The commands should anyway be displayed in each steps' output)

Reviewer: `set it up a default` => `set it up as default`?

```
$ docker-machine create --driver virtualbox default
$ docker-machine env default
$ eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

> Now you're all setup to use our provided docker image!

Reviewer: `docker` => `Docker`

```

You may need to enter your password and authorize the application through `System Settings` > `Security & Privacy`.

Create a new machine, and set it up as default, and connect your shell to the machine with the following commands:

```
$ docker-machine create --driver virtualbox default
$ docker-machine env default
$ eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

Now you're all setup to use our provided Docker image!

## Build the image

```bash
docker build -t algolia-ruby .
```

## Run the image

You need to provide few environment variables at runtime to be able to run the [Common Test Suite](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-client-specs/tree/master/common-test-suite).
You can set them up directly in the command

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_1=XXXXXX [...] -v $PWD:/app -w /app algolia-ruby bash
```

But we advise you export them in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. That way, you can use [Docker's shorten syntax](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) to retrieve your variables.

```bash
### For external contributors, only the following env variables should be enough

> docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_1 \

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should format the commands like this, so that it's easier to copy and edit it before running the command. WDYT?

We would need to do this for all the environment variables in that case
```suggestion
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_1="your_app_id" \
```

Author: @DevinCodes If you have exported the env variable with that name it doesn't need to be defined, Docker will go and fetch it by itself. This was noted a bit above so do you think it needs to be reworded for clarity?

Reviewer 2: Sorry my bad, I guess I went over that part too fast during the review then 😓

In this page you will find our recommended way of installing Docker on your machine. 
This guide is made for OSX users.

## Install docker

First install Docker using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
```
$ brew install docker
```

You can then install [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) if you wish, or use `docker-machine`. As we prefer the second option, we will only document this one.

## Setup your docker

Install `docker-machine`
```
$ brew install docker-machine
```

Then install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) with [Homebrew Cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask) to get a driver for your Docker machine
```
$ brew cask install virtualbox
```

> You may need to enter your password and authorize the application in your `System Settings` > `Security & Privacy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may need to enter your password and authorize the application through `System Settings` > `Security & Privacy`.
```

> Create now a new machine, set it up as default and connect your shell to it (here we use zsh. The commands should anyway be displayed in each steps' output)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new machine, and set it up as default, and connect your shell to the machine with the following commands:
```

$ eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

Now you're all setup to use our provided Docker image!

## Build the image

```bash
docker build -t algolia-ruby .
```

## Run the image

You need to provide few environment variables at runtime to be able to run the [Common Test Suite](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-client-specs/tree/master/common-test-suite).
You can set them up directly in the command

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_1=XXXXXX [...] -v $PWD:/app -w /app algolia-ruby bash
```

But we advise you export them in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. That way, you can use [Docker's shorten syntax](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) to retrieve your variables.

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_1 \
                    --env ALGOLIA_ADMIN_KEY_1 \
                    --env ALGOLIA_SEARCH_KEY_1 \
                    --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_2 \
                    --env ALGOLIA_ADMIN_KEY_2 \
                    --env ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID_MCM \
                    --env ALGOLIA_ADMIN_KEY_MCM \
-v $PWD:/app -w /app algolia-ruby bash

> ### For external contributors, only the following env variables should be enough

Reviewer 2: I would move this to the top, so that it's instantly clear there's a shorter/easier way to run this for external contributors.

Author: done!
